Okay, so far we've seen structures,
we've seen that we have a couple
of times to use capital letters.
And although those were like the bad news,
we'll see how to add methods,
how to define methods to these
types that we are creating.
How to use a constructor,
how to create a factory.
And now let me give you some
kind of a good news now.
So let's say that now here in front end
masters we have like 2 kind of products.
You have workshops and courses and then
a workshop is converted into a course.
So let's say you want to create
another data structure for a workshop.
This is a kind of moment
where you will start missing.
We'll be right so that first package data,
because you say hey yeah I need to,
I would like to inherit from and maybe
add some property or modify some things.
Such as, for example,
the workshop has the same property,
has an instructor the name, but
also has a date because it's live, okay?
So you say, yeah,
I'm expecting something like creating
a type name workshop,
the capital W extending from, okay?
But yeah, no, this is Go so we won't have,
it's an structure and
we have to deal with this.
Should I copy and paste?
We know that copy and
paste is not a good idea.
So what options do we have?
We do have options.
Well, one option is to just create
the property here with the course.
So we can create a course of type course.
Which, yeah, and then add the date.
By the way, let's use capital D.
Do we have any type for the date?
We don't have the date time, but
there is a time standard library
package with a time type.
And from that type,
we have methods to get set, and
get the date in different formats,
and we can add dates.
So, that's the type that we use for
dates on time.
Yeah, it works.
So, then when you are creating,
let's create, for example, here.
Now and workshop on Swift Forever,
that I did a workshop on Swift so
I'm going to create a swift Workshop
that it's going to be data.
Use column on equal, so the shortcuts
will create a variable data.wokrshop.
It's a workshop, okay?
And the workshop has two
properties course and the date.
And the course, we know it's a data
course and we can pass all the data.
I'm going to refactor this just for
you to know.
But will it work?
It should.
So this is the swift for iOS workshop and
maybe we can set the instructor as max.
So, and then we have the other
property comma for the date.
And we can see that we have a now,
for example and
then we can add some days or whatever.
We can say now and that's all.
So can we do that?
Yeah, we should work.
And then I can print f, that workshop.
Again, capital W, and then Swift Workshop.
The problem is that, yeah,
Swift Workshop is not implementing
that string method, okay?
So remember, the string method
that we created four cores,
so it's not working here that's
why it's giving me an error
that swiftWS it's not suitable for
Printf because we don't have it yet.
So I mean it works.
It's like a complex structure.
We have a workshop with a course, but
we feel like we don't like it, right?
I mean, it's a solution, but
it doesn't feel like the right solution.
Do we have a better solution?
Yes, we do.
It's called embedding.
With embedding, the only thing that I'm
going to do is I'm going to remove here,
the identifier, okay, you can see
that we have the identifier and
the type, we will remove the identifier
and just keep the type like that.
When I'm doing this,
this isn't merely an embedding
one type into another type, okay?
So where I'm embedding the course within
the workshop, so now that workshop,
now my constructor shouldn't work anymore.
Let me start this constructor again.
Now when I'm creating a workshop,
so that's an empty workshop.
The workshop has, look at the properties,
instructor, ID, name, legacy, why?
Because it's embedding
all the other properties.
It's embedding all
the properties from course.
Is it extending from?
Not, but close enough.
So, no, but close enough.
All the properties from course
are now part of the workshop.
Okay, so I didn't need to copy and paste,
I just embedded the type
within other type.
And do we have the output also, we'll see.
Well, first,
let me clean this up a little bit.
Also, what about the constructor?
The only thing is that in the constructor,
we don't have those properties.
That's a disadvantage.
So we have only the direct
properties such as course.
We still have the course, okay?
So I cannot say the name of the course
directly in the constructor, for
that it's better to create the factory.
Remember factories, so you can create
the function here, new workshop.
That receives the name of the workshop.
And maybe the instructor,
should I capitalize these names here?
>> It's a type?
Then yes.
>> The type, is this one.
>> Yeah, that should be it.
>> But I'm talking about
maybe no the identifiers.
No, those are local variables.
You can if you want, but
it won't make any difference.
So an argument is a local
variable to the function.
So, no need for capitalizing those,
so I'm going to return a workshop,
so I'm going to create a variable or
I can say like W.
That's a workshop, it's a new workshop and
I'm going to return that W and
then I can set the name as name.
And the instructor as the instructor.
So now I have a better way to
construct the workshop quickly.
By the way, what happens if
the workshop also has a name?
We know the course has a name.
Now we are embedding
the course into the workshop.
And now we have two names.
We have a problem, right?
Does it make sense?
What will happen?
Well, in this case, when you access the
name, it will be the workshop's name and
not the course name.
If you want the course name,
you still have the property with
the name of the type available.
Okay, make sense?
Do you wanna make things more complicated?
You don't need to type this, okay?
Because I'm going to delete that.
But let's say I create
another type that is called,
in fact, no, let's do this.
I'm going to also embed an instructor.
So, can you embed more than one?
Yes.
And now the workshop has all
the properties from the course,
all the properties from the instructor,
and also a name, but let's delete
this name and also the date, but
the instructor and course both have names.
Okay, which is a problem.
In that case you will work
with the embedding property,
.instructor or .course,
you will need to disambiguate that part.
That it make sense?
So, this is kind of inheriting
from several classes,
being C++ you can do that.
This case you have different types,
and maybe,
you have naming collisions, so
the same name of property..
When that happens,
you will need to express okay for
that property, you will need to
say which subtype do you want?
Which embedded type do you wanna use?
>> Can you selectively embed the type like
only take certain properties from it?
>> Only some properties, no.
For that case, you should create
a structure of types where you have
a base type with only a few, and
then you have the other types that
are embedding that one,
adding some, or adding some others.
That's how you do that.
Okay, so
now I can use my data.NewWorkshop.
This is iOS with Swift.
Swift with iOS,
max instructor.
By the way, I have a type of here,
it's not w, it's v.
So now we have a question.
Remember that when we were on
printing the course, okay,
well we're bringing the course
we were using this method.
Remember we replaced the standard
output when that method were for
the workshop or
not because we don't have it here.
Will it work or not?
Well, we can test this in action so
first I have what's going on here,
there we are.
So let's run this and the answer is,
yes that's good news.
So when you are embedding types,
you're also embedding
the methods of those types.
Okay, because we can we can do multiple
embedding that may be a problem
as well, okay?
So because when you have when
you're in main two types, and
they have the same method
with the same name.
That can lead to some issues,
or ambiguity, okay?
But I think that's pretty cool.
Because at the end, this looks
like inheritance, kind of, okay?
Kind of.
So at the end, it wasn't so bad,
we can apply some techniques
from the OOP paradigm.